feature(table-data-source): add the stream searched (#1588)
plentymarkets/terra-components: CHANGELOG.md

# 11.4.0 (XX.06.2021)

### Features

> -   **terra-table-data-source** now has a stream that emits whenever the data source is requested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **table** introduced `searched$` property to `TerraTableDataSource` which notifies whenever data has been requested from the server.
```
